CASMTRIAGE-7099-1.5 port of CSM 1.4 full system power off/on procedures to CSM 1.5 (#5442)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: operations/power_management/Power_Off_Storage_Cabinets.md

# Power Off Storage Cabinets

Power off storage nodes and management switches in standard racks.

## Power off standard rack PDU circuit breakers

**CAUTION:** The Lustre or Spectrum Scale (GPFS) file systems on nodes and switches in storage cabinets should only

> be powered off when it has been confirmed that the filesystems have been cleanly shut down. See the procedures in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
be powered off when it has been confirmed that the file systems have been cleanly shut down. See the procedures in
```

Author: fixed
